Here is the fundamental assumption I have made:  Net access is
everywhere.  This leads me to storing mail somewhere on the net
rather than on a laptop hard drive.

My coworker has his laptop with him all of the time, thus he
prefers to keep his e-mail on the laptop.  It makes sense as well.

Here is my configuration.

ROX mail is on a Linux sendmail server at roxsoftware.com.
BAS mail is on a Linux sendmail server at bioanalytical.com.
MailCode mail goes to mailcode.com and is served out of Exchange
Server on a Windows box (cough, gag).

BAS mail is almost entirely spam at this point and not worth
checking every day.  But this is only recently so.  It used to 
be handled just like ROX.

For ROX mail, I log in remotely to roxsoftware.com and keep
folders there.  As the folders get full I scoop them into a 
directory on my Linux server at home under ROXmailYYMMDD.  With
this folder structure, I can search all e-mails with find/grep/etc.
(This would work on a Windows box as well with CygWin or MKS.)

I can search every e-mail received since I graduated from college.
Every once in a while, I grep the IBM card reader boxes.  :)
My server at home can be connected to the net any time with a
phone call.  I hope to soon have cable/dsl/satellite and have
continuous access.  In the mean time, I keep a mirror of my
ROX folders on servers at MailCode.

When I am at work at MailCode, I run Pine on my laptop and on a
Linux desktop.  The Linux box has my home directory exported
(shared), so I can save mail from either laptop or desktop into
the same folders directory.  Also, since the folders are on a
box that supports remote login, I can access all of my folders
from anywhere on the planet (literally, I have tested this).

Eudora is an excellent product and can be configured similar to
Pine but must run on a local machine.  I require the ability to
remotely log in, get behind a firewall and access folders stored
there.  A VPN would give you this, but I prefer the quick, lite
text-mode approach.  (Again, I am not the normal user.)

Pine can support everything you need.  It can launch a browser
for html attachments, Word for .docs, etc.

I don't know if I shared this Outlook war story...  I used Outlook
for a long time (1.5 years) at MailCode.  I had quite a large
mail folder collection (accessible only from on my laptop).  
I wanted to export them into something I could find/grep.  (Outlook
allows a simple GUI-based text string search that sucks.)  Can't
do it.... unless.  (Outlook keeps your mail in a binary database
file that is totally proprietary and useless without Outlook.)
I finally had my sysadmin make a change on the Exchange Server to
allow "server-side storage".  I migrated my Outlook folders to
the server.  I then connected pine to the server using IMAP (an open
systems protocol that Exchange actually supports).  I then saved
these e-mails into my Pine folders which are STMP (or whatever)
that is basically ASCII text just like Yarn.  Gates almost had
me beat.  I almost stayed with Outlook because of the investment
in 1.5 years of e-mail folders....  But I have freed myself!
