Dear Family and Friends,

"Grace and peace to you from God our Father and from the Lord Jesus
Christ" (Romans 1:7b)  We pray that our "Christmas letter" finds you well.  :)

We overheard Ruby (our 5-year-old) talking to her cat, Snowball.  Here
is what she was saying to the purring kitty.


"So Snowball, when is Spring going to arrive?  Winter has been fun
with all the snow, sledding and ice, but I'm ready for warmer
weather.

I am looking forward to fishing in the creek like we did last summer.
It is fun catching the fish but kinda icky to clean them.  I don't
know why Dad calls it "cleaning" when it is so messy.

Too bad you can't go to school with me, Snowball.  I can read my
Apple Book you know.  Preschool is fun on Mon, Wed and Fri mornings.
Lucas, Hannah and Levi are really smart!  They get all As.  We all
ride to Faith Christian School each morning in Dad's truck.  Mom
picks us up in the afternoons.

Wow Snowball, we went on vacation a lot this year.  Last March we
visited Granny Boots in Jacksonville, Florida.  We had a really neato
condiment..., condamini..., cottage right on the beach.  We saw the
big fort at St. Augustine, but mostly we played in the sand.

In may, Dad had a business trip to Tucson.  He and us kids talked Mom
into going with him.  They stayed at a resort while us kids stayed at
our best friends' houses.  We didn't miss Mom and Dad at all.  They
did boring things like visit old friends, hike Sabino Canyon and give
speeches on yucky engineering stuff.  Mom and Dad were acting kinda
silly and romantic when they got back.  You'd think they had fun
without us kids, but I doubt it.

In the summer we went to a Kentucky park again.  We like the hills
and rivers and forests.  We went to Christian family camp one weekend
last summer and once this winter.  We swam in the lake in the summer
and built snowmen on the ice in the winter.  My cousin Katherine came
with us this winter.

There is a lot of music at our house these days.  The boys keep
getting better on the piano, and now Lucas has a drum set.  Hannah is
playing saxophone.  She doesn't squeak at all.  Sometimes Dad plays
the sax, too.  He looks funny when he plays.  Mom plays flute and
still leads the youth group praise band playing guitar.  I can even
play a couple of easy songs on the piano.  I sing in the the car and
at church.  I'm really good!

Can you believe it, Snowball?  Mom and Dad spend quite a bit time
being youth group leaders.  Us kids get to go along on a lot of the
activities.  The youth meet on Sundays and Wednesdays for Bible
study, singing and fun stuff...


Merry Christmas, Happy New Year, Happy St. Patrick's Day and Happy Easter!

Love,
Ruby, Levi, Hannah, Lucas, Roxanne and Cort

For God so loved...  John 3:16
