11  Support custom KL in event names.
    It seems that two events with the same number but
    different names cause a problem. Fails in test case sm1.
12  Event 0 does not work.
    Event 0 is not allowed. This is currently a modeling
    restriction.
17  High Water Marks
    Add the capability to measure the high water marks
    of event queues, extents, etc.
25  WireSyncService as...
    Provide indirection in the bridge wiring to allow
    crossing names across bridges. Test case ss1 demonstrates
    this wiring.
28  Scoot lows when high priority follows.
    There may be some additional checks required on priority event queues.
32  Detect illegal event labels.
    Test case sm has an illegal event label. MC-3020
    fails because of it. Detect bad label and exit.
55  Implement Rapid Percolation.
    Implement a mechanism whereby a PE percolates without
    giving up its position in the event reception order.
    This may be done with push, self queue, by not actually
    dequeueing or another way.
59  Support assigning discrete values to enums.
    Do some testing on this.
93  Compare set does not really compare sets.
    Compare sets only checks for equivalent
    cardinality.
98  Use $t rather than perl script for dom_enums.
    We still use a perl script to do some enum
    text processing. This is ugly.
101 Fail out when no relationship phrase on reflexives.
    When generating code for a reflexive relationship that
    does not have relationship phrases, MC-3020 emits
    two identical link/unlink pairs. Also, the relationship
    storage data members are identical.
    Such a model is incorrect. BPMB should highlight the
    problem but does not. So, MC-3020 should.
105 Color off init to zero.
    Color off the zeroing out of instance attributes.
    Perhaps have a "paranoid" setting.
106 Why not select many return extent?
    Why can we not return the extent for select many?
    Why do we make a copy?
    I believe there are ways to mess this up bad doing
    deletes, namely delete self.
    We will run a test changing the arcs and then running
    the test library. Instead of doing set copy, simply copy
    the extent pointer into the set variable.
    With a little bit of first pass magic, we might be able
    to be safe. Consider an action with no delete
    statements...
