Cortland D. Starrett

1192 East Dollar Court
P.O Box 447
Brookston, Indiana 47923
(765) 563-3338
cort@roxsoftware.com

Education:
   Purdue University - West Lafayette, Indiana:
      Bachelor of Science Computer and Electrical Engineering, 3.55 / 4.00
   University of Arizona - Tucson, Arizona (and Purdue):
      Post Graduate Electrical Engineering Research, 4.00 / 4.00
   Design Methodology Training - Tucson, Arizona, on-site:
      Techniques of structured analysis and design (Demarco)
      Object Oriented Analysis and Recursive Design (Shlaer/Mellor)
   IBM Professional Development School - Armonk, New York:
      Management training, credit toward MBA

Experience:
   Bioanalytical Systems, Inc:  West Lafayette, Indiana (October 1993 - present)
   Embedded Software Development
   - Planned, researched, staffed, designed, implemented, tested and
     supported several products for the biological and electrochemical
     instrumentation industry.  Devices included high pressure pumps,
     electrochemical detectors, liquid chromatographs, robotic sampling
     devices. Primarily responsible for embedded software development
     from research and specification through hardware integration
     testing and delivery/support in customer's shop.
   - Served in MIS capacity managing installation and maintenance of the
     local and wide area networks and Internet firewall.  Installed and
     configured secure and open web servers, e-mail hubs, routers and
     data base servers.  Platforms included Windows NT/98/95/3.1, Linux
     and commercial Unix flavors.  Also maintained inventory control
     system and accounting computers and software.
   ROX Software, Inc. (www.roxsoftware.com):  Brookston, Indiana (October 1998 - present)
   Founder/President
   - Founded, funded (through private investors) and incorporated an
     engineering development company in the software tools industry.
     Established business partnerships, distributors, marketing,
     accounting and legal council.  Developed business plan, issued
     stock, obtained capital equipment and kept books.  Defined,
     designed, developed, implemented, tested, brought to market and
     made sales of the company's first product, MC-3020.
   - Developed MC-3020.  MC-3020 is an innovative and unique product in
     its industry.  It is a highly optimized object-oriented ANSI C
     software architecture designed to translate UML models into tight,
     fast C code specifically suited to deeply embedded targets.
   - Instructed classes at various corporations in the use of
     Shlaer-Mellor Object Oriented Analysis and Recursive Design.
   Project Technology, Inc:  Tucson, Arizona (March 1995 - October 1998)
   Contract Software Architect/Researcher
   - Assisted in the research and development of the first
     implementation of an "action language