Cortland D. Starrett
1192 East Dollar Court
Brookston, Indiana 47923
(765)563-3338
cort@roxsoftware.com

Education:
  Purdue University - West Lafayette, Indiana:
    Bachelor of Science Computer and Electrical Engineering
    GPA = 3.55 / 4.00
  University of Arizona - Tucson, Arizona (and Purdue):
    Post Graduate Computer Engineering Research
    GPA = 4.00 / 4.00
  Design Methodology Training - Tucson, Arizona, on-site:
    Techniques of structured analysis and design (Demarco)
    Object Oriented Analysis and Recursive Design (Shlaer/Mellor)
  IBM Professional Development School - Armonk, New York:
    Management training, credit toward MBA

Work Experience:
  Bioanalytical Systems, Inc:  West Lafayette, Indiana
  October 1993 - present
  Embedded Software Team Leader
  * Planned, staffed, designed, implemented, tested and supported several
    products for the biological and electrochemical instrumentation
    industry.  Devices included high pressure pumps, electrochemical
    detectors, liquid chromatographs and robotic fraction collectors.
    Primarily responsible for embedded software development.
  * Served as MIS director managing installation and maintenance of the
    local area network and Internet firewall serving e-mail and web
    access.  Platfroms included Windows NT/98/95/3.1, Linux and commercial
    Unix flavors.  Also maintained the inventory control system and
    accounting computers and software.

  Project Technology, Inc:  Tucson, Arizona
  March 1995 - present
  Contract Software Architect, Researcher and Methodology Instructor
  * Provided software engineering design and consulting in the development
    of an object oriented software architecture providing direct ``design
    by translation.''
  * Assisted in the research and development of the first implementation
    of an ``action language'' compiler for use within a CASE tool
    environment.  Developed the lexical analyzer, parser, symbol table,
    abstract syntax trees and prototype back ends.
  * Instructed classes at various corporations in the use of Shlaer-Mellor
    Object Oriented Analysis and Recursive Design.

  IBM Corporation - Storage Systems Division:  Tucson, Arizona
  June 1988 - September 1993
  Staff Technical Team Leader
  * Architected high performance SCSI-2 RAID disk storage subsystem.
    Responsible for all aspects of product design, implementation, test
    and delivery to customer.  This included coordination of
    hardware/software development, finances, travel, tools, test and
    specifically the staffing and leadership of the software design team
    (12 engineers/programmers).
  * Designed ESCON fiber channel adapter for 3990-6 storage control unit.
    Led a team of 8 electrical engineers and computer scientists.
    Employed advanced design methodologies (object oriented) and exceeded
    performance requirements while maintaining strict adherence to
    architecture.
  Manager
  * Managed a department of 17 engineers and programmers.  The department
    provided simulation environment testing of 3990 family storage
    controllers.  My responsibilities included personnel support as well
    as coordination of testing services across multiple product
    deliveries.
  Design Engineer
  * Designed and implemented 3990 Serial Error Recovery Procedures.  This
    code achieved levels of quality previously unmatched in the area.
  * Initiated, supported and consulted on the use of Computer Aided
    Software Engineering (CASE) tools and methodologies in the design of
    storage controllers, tape products and magneto-optical disk products.
    This included the design, documentation and implementation of
    approximately 100 UNIX utilities for process automation.
  * Installed, configured and maintained a network of 100 Unix workstation
    servers, clients and X-terminals (RS/6K, IBM RTPC).
  * Designed a computer programming language for use in real-time embedded
    control applications.  The language supported an object oriented
    architecture while providing remarkably fast and efficient execution.
  * Tested and debugged storage products in the laboratory environment
    using logic analyzers, tracers, signal generators and test automation
    toolery.
  * Trained fellow engineers and programmers in the application of
    software engineering principles to the design of 3990 storage
    controllers.

  Purdue University - Purdue Residence Hall System:  West Lafayette, Indiana
  August 1987 - May 1988
  * Held responsibility for the administration, support and discipline of
    45 student residents.
  * Provided counseling to students for academic, professional and
    personal matters.

  NL Industries, Inc. - Technology Systems Division:  Houston, Texas
  May 1984 - May 1987
  * Designed and prototyped a device to monitor and control the state of a
    microprocessor.
  * Worked as member of a team in the design of a memory system for a
    "downhole" embedded computer system.
  * Designed and built several computer systems/interfaces for controlling
    automated testing.

Patents and Papers
  * Dynamic Sequencing for the Efficient Response to Interrupts
      This patent covers an idea that was implemented to provide
      performance.  It is a combination hardware/software design that aids
      in swift and elegant handling of OO "events" and interrupts.
  * Technique for Channel Lockout Prevention and Load Balancing
      This invention describes a method and means used to allow fast
      channels and slow channels to share common resources.
  (Information regarding other disclosures available upon request.)
  * "Management Apprehension Syndrome"
  * "On the Nature of Creative Bent"
  * "Puzzling with Strange Attractors"

Achievements and Awards:
  Identified for Accelerated Career Development (fast-track) at IBM.
  Cash Quality award for the design/documentation of 3990 Serial Error
  Recovery.
  Management Appreciation Award for Workstation LAN security package.

Interests and Affiliations:
  Teaching/administering 5th and 6th grade Sunday School and missionary
  activities.
  IEEE, member
  Music (listening and playing), reading, writing, mathematics, camping.
  ROX Software, Inc.

References available upon request
