Dear Tim,

Following is my response to your situation with Linda.  I offer
it as a friend who cares about you and about your wife.  You have
been true to me and a loyal worker, and my wife and I care about
you and think about you often.  Do with this response what you wish.
Feel no obligation to consider any part, however it is my hope that
the raw truth coming from the Bible may be helpful.

Understand that I am a Christian man.  I trust in Jesus Christ for
the salvation of my soul.  I consider the Bible as authoritative
and a guide for my life and the life of all who believe.

God invented marriage.  It is a divine institution established as
a means by which God can bless mankind.  It is described in the
earliest writings inside and outside of scripture.  Since God
invented it for our good, it is important to me to understand
what He has to say about it.

With that, consider the following.

Let's first talk about love.  It is difficult to talk about "love" in
English, because the word is used in so many different ways.  In the
Greek language there are (at least) four different words for love.

First is "natural affection" (gr stergo).  This is the almost instinctive
love of a dog for its master or of a mother for her newly born infant.

Second is "erotic love" (gr eros).  This is sexual attraction in its
self-serving sense.  This is mostly lust.  The Bible teaches that we
are to enjoy sexual relations with our spouses.  In fact, some of the
Bible is pretty colorful with the descriptions of sexual enjoyment.
However, we must tame the selfish nature of eros love as seen below.

Third is "brotherly love" (gr phileo).  The reason Philadelphia is
called the "City of Brotherly Love" is because that is exactly what
its name means.  Phileo talks of intimate friendship as between two
very close friends or of the comaradery of soldiers in battle together
or of the understanding intimacy of a couple long married.  Phileo is a
love based on all that is good, desirable and attractive in the object
of that love (friend or wife).

Fourth is "unconditional love" (gr agape).  Agape love is an active
love based not on the person being loved but based on the will of the
person doing the loving.  Agape is independent of the qualities found
in the object of this love.  We can really only understand agape love
by understanding what God has done for mankind.

Romans 5:8 says, "God demonstrates his own love for us in this:  While
we were still sinners, Christ died for us".  You know the story.  Christ
died on the cross as a ransom for the sins of us all.

People are kinda crummy, especially from the vantage point of the all-
powerful and holy creator of the universe.  God does not love us because
of how good and honorable and cool and impressive we people are.  He
loves us because he chooses to.  He chose to love us and maintains his
word based on his own will and veracity.  This love is unconditional.
Nothing we do or say or are changes His choice to love.

The word love in Romans 5:8 is agape.  God loves us unconditionally.

Ephesians 5:25 says, "Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved
the church and gave himself up for her."  This is radical!  Jesus Christ
_died_ for the church.  If necessary, we are to die for our wives!

The word love in Ephesians 5:25 is agape.  We husbands are to love our
wives unconditionally.  We are to love them by choice.  We are to
maintain our word and commitment based not on her but on our own
honor and integrity.

This is a lofty calling indeed.  We need help, God's help.

I love (phileo) Roxanne.  She is beautiful, smart, fun, clever, hard-
working, a good mother, thoughtful, challenging and just plain awesome.

I love (eros) Roxanne in the bedroom (and just about any place else that
I can talk her into...  ;)

I love (agape) Roxanne.  There is nothing Roxanne can say or do to 
change my commitment to her.  There is nothing that would make me leave.
If she leaves, I'll wait for her to come back.  I'll go get her.  I will
never marry another (at least as long as she is alive).  She can't make
me stop loving (agape) her.  It is based on my own volition.  My love
is not a condition of her beauty, intelligence or behavior.  It is
outside of her control and fully under my control.

Some days Roxanne is hard to love.  Her beauty is not so apparent.  She
says mean things.  She hurts me.  And I do the same.  I am thankful
that her love for me is not based totally on me being a good guy. 
Sometimes I am pretty lousy.

The power to love someone unconditionally is not natural.  It can only
come through the help and strength that God supplies to those who turn
to him.


Human strength and the merits of our spouses form an insufficient
foundation upon which to base marriage.  Trials will come; people will
be mean; sexual attraction waxes and wanes (and waxes again ;).
Phileo is not strong enough to carry a marriage through difficult times.
Unconditional love with God's help can carry a man and a woman through
a life-long, rewarding relationship.

I have only spoken of the responsibility of the husband in the marriage.
The Bible outlines responsibilities for the wife as well.  However,
you and I only have control of the husband side of the equation.

Tim, you are in a difficult situation.  I will not make little of it.
Consider me by your side to help you any way I can regardless of what
you choose.  My friendship for you is also both phileo and agape (but
no eros ;)

Your Forever Friend,
Cort
